Refine requisites for Java code hotspots under JDK 8. (#10329)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiler/connect_traces_and_profiles.md

```

Requires:

> - OpenJDK11 or greater and tracing library version 0.65.0 or greater
> - (alternatively if on OpenJDK8) OpenJDK 8u282 or greater and tracing library version 0.77.0 or greater

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenJDK 11 or greater and tracing library version 0.65.0 or greater; or
- If on OpenJDK 8: 8u282 or greater and tracing library version 0.77.0 or greater.
```
